Name: Sonya Fucci

Test Suite and Test Cases

Disk images:

full-img: A disk image that has one inode in use that uses 100 blocks (99 blocks of data and oe indirect block). There are no other free blocks, and there is no swap region. Blocksize is 512.

almost-full-img: A disk image that has one inode in use that uses 100 blocks (99 blocks of data and one indirect block, storing the same file as above. You can probably tell what it is if you open the image since it's a text file (and if you're well educated on trash meme culture), but I encourage you to extract the file so you feel rewarded). This time, however, there is one free block, namely, block 13. There are a total of 101 blocks and no swap region.Blocksize 512.

Tests:

full-test.c: reads in the full-img and forks off a process that defrags it. It then analyzes full-img-defrag to make sure that there are no free blocks.

almost-full-test.c: reads in the almost-full-img and forks off a process that defrags it. It then analyzes almost-full-img-defrag to make sure that the pointer to the head of the free list is NOT -1 (and namely 100), and similarly, that block #100's first 4 bytes are indeed -1.

link_test.c: Reads in a defragmented disk image and checks that the free block list is properly linked. If the free block list is not empty, it will print every link, including the block that points to -1. At the end, it will assert that the expected number of free blocks it expects is the same as the ones it found.

data_test.c: Takes in two disk images (ideally, the fragmented disk image and the defragmented one) and writes all the data blocks in all of the used inodes to two files, orig-data and new-data, respectively. You can then 'diff' orig-data and new-data to determine whether the data in new-data is stored correctly.

Other:

structs.h is just the definitons of the superblock and inode from the HW6 spec.

Makefile: type Make to compile the programs.

For full-test and almost-full-test, either make sure your ./defrag binary is in the same directory of this test, or change the path in these files.